The Three Little Pigs by Dara Goldman
Once upon a time there were three little pigs,
Poki, Lazy, and Will.
One sunny morning they said goodbye to their mama and papa
and set off to build homes of their own.
Poki didn't like to work hard, so he built his house out of straw,
and then he had time to play all day long.
Lazy didn't like to work hard either. He built his house out of twigs,
and he had time to play all day too.
But Will worked very, very hard.
He built his house out of bricks. It took a long, long time,
but the little house was solid and sturdy.
One day, not long after the pigs had built their homes,
a big, bad wolf came along. He knocked on Poki's door.
Little pig, little pig, let me come in, he said.
Not by the hair on my chinny chin chin, said Poki.
Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house down, said the wolf.
And he huffed and he puffed and he blew that straw house down.
Poki ran away just in time.
He didn't stop running until he reached Lazy's house.
But the big, bad wolf followed Poki.
He knocked on Lazy's door.
Little pig, little pigs, let me come in, he said.
Not by the hairs on my chinny chin chins, said Poki and Lazy.
Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow
your house down, said the wolf.
And he huffed and he puffed and he blew the twig house down.
Poki and Lazy ran through the blowing twigs and headed
straight to Will's house. But the big, bad wolf
followed the two pigs to their brother's little brick house.
He knocked on Will's door.
Little pig, little pig, let me come in, he said.
Not by the hairs on my chinny chin chins, they said.
Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your
house down, said the wolf. And he huffed and he puffed
and he puffed and he huffed
but the big, bad wolf couldn't blow the brick house down.
Then the wolf had an idea.
He climbed up the top of the house and headed down the chimney.
Oh no! cried Poki and Lazy. But Will had an idea
too. The big, bad wolf fell right in the middle of a boiling pot of
soup. Yow!
Yow! Yow! Yow! Yow! Yow! cried the big, bad wolf. He jumped out of the pot
and ran away from the little brick house as fast as he could.
And the big, bad wolf never bothered the three little pigs
again. The end.
